Jessica we got a beautiful day at the LA
Coliseum for the 2009 rookies got talent
competition I'm really looking forward
to this I've heard that some of the
rookies have some amazing talent so
let's check it out it's a big man there
yeah I need you to pick the car hi Pam
you got the car throw it up in there I'm
you're just gonna grab it right out of
the actresses are you sure you can do
this yeah I think I got some pretty
quickly I'm kind of feeling the Queen of
Hearts doesn't want to go to clean up
ours I'm gonna put it back in the middle
of the deck over here oh we got a treat
of mine so you just want me to just toss
it up here just like that okay
it's kind of weird a little out there
come kiddush but uh I gonna blow a huge
bubble with with some bubblegum look at
this
so what is your talent I know how to
juggle chuckling okay well good let's
get you some show me what you got got
some skills ain't bad Hey there he goes
one two it's got three the winner I know
Shawn got the nfo Ricky's Got Talent
Competition going on I hear you're the
man could be what's your talent of
course I'm the man to beat you know I
can do a little singing world-class
opera singer huh but I never told anyone
that I've been doing that since I was a
young boy I'd like to see that we've
opted out a few bars first all right I
guess I usually have people paint hate
me for this understandably but I'm
having a good time here and now I'll do
that for you guys
preciate that man okay can you hold this
for me absolutely
yellow let me go maybe
I've got a hot cookie gone man got
curious fellow how long it be yeah man
that's awesome that's amazing a lot of
people know you get up no no